Terraform Cloud per-run variables (#1978)
hashicorp/terraform-website: content/source/docs/cloud/workspaces/managing-variables.html.md

- The Variables API for [workspace-specific variables](/docs/cloud/api/workspace-variables.html) and [variable sets](/docs/cloud/api/variable-sets.html).
- The `tfe` provider's [`tfe_variable`](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/tfe/latest/docs/resources/variable) resource, which can be more convenient for bulk management.

> ## Run-Specific Variables

Reviewer: Could we add a line in the page intro (right after the first sentence) that says "You can also set variable values specifically for each run on the command line."

> When using Terraform 1.1 or later, you can set input variable values for a particular plan/apply run on the command line using either of the following mechanisms:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Terraform 1.1 and later lets you set [Terraform variable](/docs/cloud/workspaces/variables.html#terraform-variables) values for a particular plan or apply on the command line. These variable values will overwrite workspace-specific and variable set variables with the same key. Refer to the [variable precedence](/docs/cloud/workspaces/variables.html#precedence) documentation for more details.

You can set run-specific Terraform variable values by:
```

> * Specifying `-var` and `-var-file` arguments

Reviewer: Careful here - make sure you test locally. You need to make sure there are enough spaces before the code block to make sure it indents properly :)
```suggestion
- Specifying `-var` and `-var-file` arguments. For example:

    ```
    terraform apply -var-file="testing.tfvars"
    ```
```

Author: I also added an example for `-var`

> * Local environment variables named `TF_VAR_` followed by the name of a declared variable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Creating local environment variables prefixed with `TF_VAR`. For example, if you declare a variable called `replicas` in your configuration, you could create a local environment variable called `TF_VAR_REPLICAS` and set it to a particular value. When you use the [CLI Workflow](/docs/cloud/run/cli.html), Terraform automatically identifies these environment variables and applies their values to the run.
```

Author: Actually, if the variable name is "replicas", the local environment variable has to be TF_VAR_replicas

traditionally, we use lowercase identifiers for terraform variables and CAPS identifiers for environment variables.

Author: but you _can_ use CAPS, the terraform variables are just case-sensitive.

Author: I think I'll change the precedence example/illustration to lowercase to match this and reinforce the convention

Reviewer: okay!! just be sure to make the image 2048 pixels wide :-)

> Variable values set in either of these ways will take precedence over Workspace-Specific and Variable Set values. See the [Precedence](/docs/cloud/workspaces/variables.html#precedence) section for more details. For more information about specifying CLI input variable values, see the Terraform documentation for [Variables on the Command Line](https://www.terraform.io/docs/language/values/variables.html#variables-on-the-command-line) or the plan command [Input Variables on the Command Line](https://www.terraform.io/docs/cli/commands/plan.html#input-variables-on-the-command-line).

Reviewer: I find it confusing that we have this documented in two places, and I bet users will, too :-) I find the language docs easier to read so I think we should just point folks there - it has all of the ways we identified above with clear headings and examples. LMK if you disagree!

```suggestion
Refer to the [variables on the command line](https://www.terraform.io/docs/language/values/variables.html#variables-on-the-command-line) documentation for more details and examples.
```

## Run-Specific Variables

Terraform 1.1 and later lets you set [Terraform variable](/docs/cloud/workspaces/variables.html#terraform-variables) values for a particular plan or apply on the command line. These variable values will overwrite workspace-specific and variable set variables with the same key. Refer to the [variable precedence](/docs/cloud/workspaces/variables.html#precedence) documentation for more details.

You can set run-specific Terraform variable values by:

- Specifying `-var` and `-var-file` arguments. For example:

    ```
    terraform apply -var="key=value" -var-file="testing.tfvars"
    ```
- Creating local environment variables prefixed with `TF_VAR_`. For example, if you declare a variable called `replicas` in your configuration, you could create a local environment variable called `TF_VAR_replicas` and set it to a particular value. When you use the [CLI Workflow](/docs/cloud/run/cli.html), Terraform automatically identifies these environment variables and applies their values to the run.

> Refer to the [variables on the command line](https://www.terraform.io/docs/language/values/variables.html#variables-on-the-command-line) documentation for more details and examples.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Refer to the [variables on the command line](/docs/language/values/variables.html#variables-on-the-command-line) documentation for more details and examples.
```

1. Click the ellipses next to the variable you want to delete and select **Delete**.
1. Click **Yes, delete variable** to confirm your action.

> ## Loading Variables from Files

Reviewer: I think we want this under "Workspace-Specific" right? This is the scope that they are (lmk if I'm wrong though).

```suggestion
### Loading Variables from Files
```

Reviewer: OHHH okay gotcha! thank you for explaining this!

> You can set variable values by providing any number of [files ending in `.auto.tfvars`](/docs/language/values/variables.html#variable-files) to workspaces that use Terraform 0.10.0 or later. When you trigger a run, Terraform automatically loads and uses the variables defined in these files. You can only do this with files ending in `auto.tfvars`; Terraform Cloud does not recognize other types of `.tfvars` files. If any variable from the workspace has the same key as a variable in the file, the workspace variable overwrites variable from the file.

Reviewer: What do you think of this? I want to help users understand how this is different than run-specific variables above. Do you think this is clear?  It's all so nuanced!

```suggestion
You can set [Terraform variable](/docs/cloud/workspaces/variables.html#terraform-variables) values by providing any number of [files ending in `.auto.tfvars`](/docs/language/values/variables.html#variable-files) to workspaces that use Terraform 0.10.0 or later. When you trigger a run, Terraform automatically loads and uses the variables defined in these files. If any variable from the workspace has the same key as a variable in the file, the workspace variable overwrites variable from the file.

You can only do this with files ending in `auto.tfvars`; Terraform Cloud does not automatically recognize other types of `.tfvars` files. You can only apply other types of `.tfvars` files [on the command line](#run-specific-variables) for each run.
```

1. Click the ellipses next to the variable you want to delete and select **Delete**.
1. Click **Yes, delete variable** to confirm your action.

## Loading Variables from Files

> You can set [Terraform variable](/docs/cloud/workspaces/variables.html#terraform-variables) values by providing any number of [files ending in `.auto.tfvars`](/docs/language/values/variables.html#variable-files) to workspaces that use Terraform 0.10.0 or later. When you trigger a run, Terraform automatically loads and uses the variables defined in these files. If any variable from the workspace has the same key as a variable in the file, the workspace variable overwrites variable from the file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can automatically define [Terraform variable](/docs/cloud/workspaces/variables.html#terraform-variables) values by providing any number of [files ending in `.auto.tfvars`](/docs/language/values/variables.html#variable-files) to workspaces that use Terraform 0.10.0 or later. When you trigger a run, Terraform automatically loads and uses the variables defined in these files. If any variable from the workspace has the same key as a variable in the file, the workspace variable overwrites variable from the file.
```

> You can only do this with files ending in `auto.tfvars`; Terraform Cloud does not automatically recognize other types of `.tfvars` files. You can only apply other types of `.tfvars` files [on the command line](#run-specific-variables) for each run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can only do this with files ending in `auto.tfvars`; Terraform Cloud does not automatically recognize other types of `.tfvars` files (e.g., `terraform.tfvars`). You can only apply other types of `.tfvars` files [on the command line](#run-specific-variables) for each run.
```

~> **Note:** Terraform Cloud loads variables from files for each Terraform run, but does not automatically persist those variables to the Terraform Cloud workspace or display them in the **Variables** section of the workspace UI.

> ~> **Note:** Variable values applied using `terraform.tfvars` are ignored by Terraform Cloud

Reviewer: It can be visually overwhelming to have two notes in a row. I added a suggestion above where we can specifically call out that `terraform.tfvars` won't work this way. Does that feel okay to you? If so, would you feel comfortable deleting this extra note?
